Reference for stage 3 iterator-chunking (#44884)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/iterator/windows/index.md

---
title: Iterator.prototype.windows()
short-title: windows()
slug: Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Iterator/windows
page-type: javascript-instance-method
browser-compat: javascript.builtins.Iterator.windows
sidebar: jsref
---

> The **`windows()`** method of {{jsxref("Iterator")}} instances returns a new [iterator helper object](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Iterator#iterator_helper_objects) that yields overlapping element sequences as arrays. A sliding window sweeps across the input iterator; each time, a new element is added to the right while the leftmost element is removed.
> 
> For yielding non-overlapping sequences (i.e., chunking), see {{jsxref("Iterator.prototype.chunks()")}}.

Reviewer: Same problem with my intuition in this case. I think this might be easier for most people to parse.

```suggestion
The **`windows()`** method of {{jsxref("Iterator")}} instances returns a new [iterator helper object](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Iterator#iterator_helper_objects) that yields a sliding window of elements as an array. On each iteration, the window slides forward by one element — yielding an array that drops the first element from the previous iteration and adds the next element from the original iterator.

To instead split elements into distinct chunks, see {{jsxref("Iterator.prototype.chunks()")}}.
```
